yo house hangin Savoy's fence tingles
here and before we get into the video i
just want to say a couple things if you
have not seen my first ever battleship
video with deke saurus rex please go
check that out then you might understand
this video a bit more and how it works
so rittman asked me if i want to do a
battleship video but he wanted to add a
little twist weights different is we
only get four guesses and whatever those
players are we get if it's a tied then
we have to quick sell the best players
so now that I said that was getting to
the video who wants to go first though
who wants who wants the guests first
that's the real question um well do rock
paper scissors with words okay rock
paper scissors with words all right so
we got walk we go rock paper scissors
and then say it okay yeah rock rock
Russillo no okay okay okay on the
count of three on the cops agree to one
rock scissors yeah there we go okay i
choose you to go first actually but you
can as I want you go first yeah yeah you
go first oh my god okay oh I feel
like you're a fourth-line left-wing kind
of guy Nina maybe you got some good no
no judging by my reaction i think you
know you probably got something really
really good about it okay you know what
I'm going with third line center okay
are you sure yeah yes sir yeah I'm sure
yeah okay yeah all right okay oh man
this is terrifying um third line third
line third line center are you sure you
want to go a third line center I'm
actually a hundred and twenty are you
sure yeah um let's go with second line
left late okay okay oh my god okay how
many have I guess to she gets to go yeah
we vote goes to you know I'm just gonna
go i'm gonna go complete the bet the
most obvious thing here i'm gonna go
first line center oh my god own one
what the hell are you serious yeah I
feel like you're bullshitting oh no
maybe I ambled yeah yeah yeah yeah I
hope I at least have one by now yeah
let's try for a sign as well you know
you might have I too went with that
let's go which first line right way yeah
and you better not be a control of you
right now I saw you got your husband
said Troy did you are you okay one last
one you have one last one second line
right wing
ah ok ok let's go with a second line ok
you remember what I said I think so what
you repeat what I said you said second
center uh-huh all right so me
and Spence suck we forgot exactly what
all of us guests in the matter of maybe
three minutes yeah the stress was on
though you know we had it was that was
over your folks on with just guessing
honestly that's all we were focused on
all right i'm gonna offer it right now
you don't look at it though right here
no don't look at it yet though no no I'm
not gonna look at yours yet okay wait
how do you want to count the song you
want to count this down three two one
open okay okay okay ready yeah three two
one open let's see no let's go boys
let's go I've lost too deep now and I've
lost to this new way with you Austin you
know what um although you might have
lost at the end of the day Spence you
got to think uh-huh you're still a
winner how am I wonder you're not I'll I
yeah exactly exactly I'm not a winner I
just lost 100 k I was out winning at all
the end of the day though you know what
we're just here of a good old time no
we're not we're really not no not when
you lose uh-huh
nope ok mr. winner so yeah hopefully all
you guys enjoyed this if you guys like
this more than the way I've done it
before then tell me in the comments been
you boy spends two angles here with who
are you sir who's the winner call me
daddy ok so yeah you can check out daddy
in the description if you want to go
check out his channel and his
perspective please leave a like on the
video if you guys enjoyed but as always
has been you boys spents tangles I'll
see you later first line left winger oh
is that the Kessel are you oh my god is
that the cut or you just is this the
bench piece twin brother you got Joe
dibinsky not peanuts ah daddy